aAbBcCdDeE -> abcde
aa
  bb
    cc
      dd
        ee

aAbBcCdeDE -> abcde
aa
  bb
    cc
      d_d
       e_e

aAbBcCdeED -> abcd(e)
aa
  bb
    cc
      d__d
       ee

aAbBcdCDeE -> abcde
aa
  bb
    c_c
     d_d
        ee

aAbBcdCeDE -> abcde
aa
  bb
    c_c
     d__d
       e_e

aAbBcdCeED -> abcd(e)
aa
  bb
    c_c
     d___d
       ee

aAbBcdDCeE -> abc(d)e
aa
  bb
    c__c
     dd
        ee

aAbBcdDeCE -> abc(d)e
aa
  bb
    c___c
     dd
       e_e

aAbBcdDeEC -> abc(de)
aa
  bb
    c____c
     dd
       ee

aAbBcdeCDE -> abcde
aa
  bb
    c__c
     d__d
      e__e

aAbBcdeCED -> abcd(e)
aa
  bb
    c__c
     d___d
      e_e

aAbBcdeDCE -> abc(d)e
aa
  bb
    c___c
     d_d
      e__e

aAbBcdeDEC -> abc(de)
aa
  bb
    c____c
     d_d
      e_e

aAbBcdeECD -> abc(e)d
aa
  bb
    c___c
     d___d
      ee

aAbBcdeEDC -> abc(d(e))
aa
  bb
    c____c
     d__d
      ee

aAbcBCdDeE -> abcde
aa
  b_b
   c_c
      dd
        ee

aAbcBCdeDE -> abcde
aa
  b_b
   c_c
      d_d
       e_e

aAbcBCdeED -> abcd(e)
aa
  b_b
   c_c
      d__d
       ee

aAbcBdCDeE -> abcde
aa
  b_b
   c__c
     d_d
        ee

aAbcBdCeDE -> abcde
aa
  b_b
   c__c
     d__d
       e_e

aAbcBdCeED -> abcd(e)
aa
  b_b
   c__c
     d___d
       ee

aAbcBdDCeE -> abc(d)e
aa
  b_b
   c___c
     dd
        ee

aAbcBdDeCE -> abc(d)e
aa
  b_b
   c____c
     dd
       e_e

aAbcBdDeEC -> abc(de)
aa
  b_b
   c_____c
     dd
       ee

aAbcBdeCDE -> abcde
aa
  b_b
   c___c
     d__d
      e__e

aAbcBdeCED -> abcd(e)
aa
  b_b
   c___c
     d___d
      e_e

aAbcBdeDCE -> abc(d)e
aa
  b_b
   c____c
     d_d
      e__e

aAbcBdeDEC -> abc(de)
aa
  b_b
   c_____c
     d_d
      e_e

aAbcBdeECD -> abc(e)d
aa
  b_b
   c____c
     d___d
      ee

aAbcBdeEDC -> abc(d(e))
aa
  b_b
   c_____c
     d__d
      ee

aAbcCBdDeE -> ab(c)de
aa
  b__b
   cc
      dd
        ee

aAbcCBdeDE -> ab(c)de
aa
  b__b
   cc
      d_d
       e_e

aAbcCBdeED -> ab(c)d(e)
aa
  b__b
   cc
      d__d
       ee

aAbcCdBDeE -> ab(c)de
aa
  b___b
   cc
     d_d
        ee

aAbcCdBeDE -> ab(c)de
aa
  b___b
   cc
     d__d
       e_e

aAbcCdBeED -> ab(c)d(e)
aa
  b___b
   cc
     d___d
       ee

aAbcCdDBeE -> ab(cd)e
aa
  b____b
   cc
     dd
        ee

aAbcCdDeBE -> ab(cd)e
aa
  b_____b
   cc
     dd
       e_e

aAbcCdDeEB -> ab(cde)
aa
  b______b
   cc
     dd
       ee

aAbcCdeBDE -> ab(c)de
aa
  b____b
   cc
     d__d
      e__e

aAbcCdeBED -> ab(c)d(e)
aa
  b____b
   cc
     d___d
      e_e

aAbcCdeDBE -> ab(cd)e
aa
  b_____b
   cc
     d_d
      e__e

aAbcCdeDEB -> ab(cde)
aa
  b______b
   cc
     d_d
      e_e

aAbcCdeEBD -> ab(ce)d
aa
  b_____b
   cc
     d___d
      ee

aAbcCdeEDB -> ab(cd(e))
aa
  b______b
   cc
     d__d
      ee

aAbcdBCDeE -> abcde
aa
  b__b
   c__c
    d__d
        ee

aAbcdBCeDE -> abcde
aa
  b__b
   c__c
    d___d
       e_e

aAbcdBCeED -> abcd(e)
aa
  b__b
   c__c
    d____d
       ee

aAbcdBDCeE -> abc(d)e
aa
  b__b
   c___c
    d_d
        ee

aAbcdBDeCE -> abc(d)e
aa
  b__b
   c____c
    d_d
       e_e

aAbcdBDeEC -> abc(de)
aa
  b__b
   c_____c
    d_d
       ee

aAbcdBeCDE -> abcde
aa
  b__b
   c___c
    d___d
      e__e

aAbcdBeCED -> abcd(e)
aa
  b__b
   c___c
    d____d
      e_e

aAbcdBeDCE -> abc(d)e
aa
  b__b
   c____c
    d__d
      e__e

aAbcdBeDEC -> abc(de)
aa
  b__b
   c_____c
    d__d
      e_e

aAbcdBeECD -> abc(e)d
aa
  b__b
   c____c
    d____d
      ee

aAbcdBeEDC -> abc(d(e))
aa
  b__b
   c_____c
    d___d
      ee

aAbcdCBDeE -> ab(c)de
aa
  b___b
   c_c
    d__d
        ee

aAbcdCBeDE -> ab(c)de
aa
  b___b
   c_c
    d___d
       e_e

aAbcdCBeED -> ab(c)d(e)
aa
  b___b
   c_c
    d____d
       ee

aAbcdCDBeE -> ab(cd)e
aa
  b____b
   c_c
    d_d
        ee

aAbcdCDeBE -> ab(cd)e
aa
  b_____b
   c_c
    d_d
       e_e

aAbcdCDeEB -> ab(cde)
aa
  b______b
   c_c
    d_d
       ee

aAbcdCeBDE -> ab(c)de
aa
  b____b
   c_c
    d___d
      e__e

aAbcdCeBED -> ab(c)d(e)
aa
  b____b
   c_c
    d____d
      e_e

aAbcdCeDBE -> ab(cd)e
aa
  b_____b
   c_c
    d__d
      e__e

aAbcdCeDEB -> ab(cde)
aa
  b______b
   c_c
    d__d
      e_e

aAbcdCeEBD -> ab(ce)d
aa
  b_____b
   c_c
    d____d
      ee

aAbcdCeEDB -> ab(cd(e))
aa
  b______b
   c_c
    d___d
      ee

aAbcdDBCeE -> ab(d)ce
aa
  b___b
   c___c
    dd
        ee

aAbcdDBeCE -> ab(d)ce
aa
  b___b
   c____c
    dd
       e_e

aAbcdDBeEC -> ab(d)c(e)
aa
  b___b
   c_____c
    dd
       ee

aAbcdDCBeE -> ab(c(d))e
aa
  b____b
   c__c
    dd
        ee

aAbcdDCeBE -> ab(c(d))e
aa
  b_____b
   c__c
    dd
       e_e

aAbcdDCeEB -> ab(c(d)e)
aa
  b______b
   c__c
    dd
       ee

aAbcdDeBCE -> ab(d)ce
aa
  b____b
   c____c
    dd
      e__e

aAbcdDeBEC -> ab(d)c(e)
aa
  b____b
   c_____c
    dd
      e_e

aAbcdDeCBE -> ab(c(d))e
aa
  b_____b
   c___c
    dd
      e__e

aAbcdDeCEB -> ab(c(d)e)
aa
  b______b
   c___c
    dd
      e_e

aAbcdDeEBC -> ab(de)c
aa
  b_____b
   c_____c
    dd
      ee

aAbcdDeECB -> ab(c(de))
aa
  b______b
   c____c
    dd
      ee

aAbcdeBCDE -> abcde
aa
  b___b
   c___c
    d___d
     e___e

aAbcdeBCED -> abcd(e)
aa
  b___b
   c___c
    d____d
     e__e

aAbcdeBDCE -> abc(d)e
aa
  b___b
   c____c
    d__d
     e___e

aAbcdeBDEC -> abc(de)
aa
  b___b
   c_____c
    d__d
     e__e

aAbcdeBECD -> abc(e)d
aa
  b___b
   c____c
    d____d
     e_e

aAbcdeBEDC -> abc(d(e))
aa
  b___b
   c_____c
    d___d
     e_e

aAbcdeCBDE -> ab(c)de
aa
  b____b
   c__c
    d___d
     e___e

aAbcdeCBED -> ab(c)d(e)
aa
  b____b
   c__c
    d____d
     e__e

aAbcdeCDBE -> ab(cd)e
aa
  b_____b
   c__c
    d__d
     e___e

aAbcdeCDEB -> ab(cde)
aa
  b______b
   c__c
    d__d
     e__e

aAbcdeCEBD -> ab(ce)d
aa
  b_____b
   c__c
    d____d
     e_e

aAbcdeCEDB -> ab(cd(e))
aa
  b______b
   c__c
    d___d
     e_e

aAbcdeDBCE -> ab(d)ce
aa
  b____b
   c____c
    d_d
     e___e

aAbcdeDBEC -> ab(d)c(e)
aa
  b____b
   c_____c
    d_d
     e__e

aAbcdeDCBE -> ab(c(d))e
aa
  b_____b
   c___c
    d_d
     e___e

aAbcdeDCEB -> ab(c(d)e)
aa
  b______b
   c___c
    d_d
     e__e

aAbcdeDEBC -> ab(de)c
aa
  b_____b
   c_____c
    d_d
     e_e

aAbcdeDECB -> ab(c(de))
aa
  b______b
   c____c
    d_d
     e_e

aAbcdeEBCD -> ab(e)cd
aa
  b____b
   c____c
    d____d
     ee

aAbcdeEBDC -> ab(e)c(d)
aa
  b____b
   c_____c
    d___d
     ee

aAbcdeECBD -> ab(c(e))d
aa
  b_____b
   c___c
    d____d
     ee

aAbcdeECDB -> ab(c(e)d)
aa
  b______b
   c___c
    d___d
     ee

aAbcdeEDBC -> ab(d(e))c
aa
  b_____b
   c_____c
    d__d
     ee

aAbcdeEDCB -> ab(c(d(e)))
aa
  b______b
   c____c
    d__d
     ee

abABcCdDeE -> abcde
a_a
 b_b
    cc
      dd
        ee

abABcCdeDE -> abcde
a_a
 b_b
    cc
      d_d
       e_e

abABcCdeED -> abcd(e)
a_a
 b_b
    cc
      d__d
       ee

abABcdCDeE -> abcde
a_a
 b_b
    c_c
     d_d
        ee

abABcdCeDE -> abcde
a_a
 b_b
    c_c
     d__d
       e_e

abABcdCeED -> abcd(e)
a_a
 b_b
    c_c
     d___d
       ee

abABcdDCeE -> abc(d)e
a_a
 b_b
    c__c
     dd
        ee

abABcdDeCE -> abc(d)e
a_a
 b_b
    c___c
     dd
       e_e

abABcdDeEC -> abc(de)
a_a
 b_b
    c____c
     dd
       ee

abABcdeCDE -> abcde
a_a
 b_b
    c__c
     d__d
      e__e

abABcdeCED -> abcd(e)
a_a
 b_b
    c__c
     d___d
      e_e

abABcdeDCE -> abc(d)e
a_a
 b_b
    c___c
     d_d
      e__e

abABcdeDEC -> abc(de)
a_a
 b_b
    c____c
     d_d
      e_e

abABcdeECD -> abc(e)d
a_a
 b_b
    c___c
     d___d
      ee

abABcdeEDC -> abc(d(e))
a_a
 b_b
    c____c
     d__d
      ee

abAcBCdDeE -> abcde
a_a
 b__b
   c_c
      dd
        ee

abAcBCdeDE -> abcde
a_a
 b__b
   c_c
      d_d
       e_e

abAcBCdeED -> abcd(e)
a_a
 b__b
   c_c
      d__d
       ee

abAcBdCDeE -> abcde
a_a
 b__b
   c__c
     d_d
        ee

abAcBdCeDE -> abcde
a_a
 b__b
   c__c
     d__d
       e_e

abAcBdCeED -> abcd(e)
a_a
 b__b
   c__c
     d___d
       ee

abAcBdDCeE -> abc(d)e
a_a
 b__b
   c___c
     dd
        ee

abAcBdDeCE -> abc(d)e
a_a
 b__b
   c____c
     dd
       e_e

abAcBdDeEC -> abc(de)
a_a
 b__b
   c_____c
     dd
       ee

abAcBdeCDE -> abcde
a_a
 b__b
   c___c
     d__d
      e__e

abAcBdeCED -> abcd(e)
a_a
 b__b
   c___c
     d___d
      e_e

abAcBdeDCE -> abc(d)e
a_a
 b__b
   c____c
     d_d
      e__e

abAcBdeDEC -> abc(de)
a_a
 b__b
   c_____c
     d_d
      e_e

abAcBdeECD -> abc(e)d
a_a
 b__b
   c____c
     d___d
      ee

abAcBdeEDC -> abc(d(e))
a_a
 b__b
   c_____c
     d__d
      ee

abAcCBdDeE -> ab(c)de
a_a
 b___b
   cc
      dd
        ee

abAcCBdeDE -> ab(c)de
a_a
 b___b
   cc
      d_d
       e_e

abAcCBdeED -> ab(c)d(e)
a_a
 b___b
   cc
      d__d
       ee

abAcCdBDeE -> ab(c)de
a_a
 b____b
   cc
     d_d
        ee

abAcCdBeDE -> ab(c)de
a_a
 b____b
   cc
     d__d
       e_e

abAcCdBeED -> ab(c)d(e)
a_a
 b____b
   cc
     d___d
       ee

abAcCdDBeE -> ab(cd)e
a_a
 b_____b
   cc
     dd
        ee

abAcCdDeBE -> ab(cd)e
a_a
 b______b
   cc
     dd
       e_e

abAcCdDeEB -> ab(cde)
a_a
 b_______b
   cc
     dd
       ee

abAcCdeBDE -> ab(c)de
a_a
 b_____b
   cc
     d__d
      e__e

abAcCdeBED -> ab(c)d(e)
a_a
 b_____b
   cc
     d___d
      e_e

abAcCdeDBE -> ab(cd)e
a_a
 b______b
   cc
     d_d
      e__e

abAcCdeDEB -> ab(cde)
a_a
 b_______b
   cc
     d_d
      e_e

abAcCdeEBD -> ab(ce)d
a_a
 b______b
   cc
     d___d
      ee

abAcCdeEDB -> ab(cd(e))
a_a
 b_______b
   cc
     d__d
      ee

abAcdBCDeE -> abcde
a_a
 b___b
   c__c
    d__d
        ee

abAcdBCeDE -> abcde
a_a
 b___b
   c__c
    d___d
       e_e

abAcdBCeED -> abcd(e)
a_a
 b___b
   c__c
    d____d
       ee

abAcdBDCeE -> abc(d)e
a_a
 b___b
   c___c
    d_d
        ee

abAcdBDeCE -> abc(d)e
a_a
 b___b
   c____c
    d_d
       e_e

abAcdBDeEC -> abc(de)
a_a
 b___b
   c_____c
    d_d
       ee

abAcdBeCDE -> abcde
a_a
 b___b
   c___c
    d___d
      e__e

abAcdBeCED -> abcd(e)
a_a
 b___b
   c___c
    d____d
      e_e

abAcdBeDCE -> abc(d)e
a_a
 b___b
   c____c
    d__d
      e__e

abAcdBeDEC -> abc(de)
a_a
 b___b
   c_____c
    d__d
      e_e

abAcdBeECD -> abc(e)d
a_a
 b___b
   c____c
    d____d
      ee

abAcdBeEDC -> abc(d(e))
a_a
 b___b
   c_____c
    d___d
      ee

abAcdCBDeE -> ab(c)de
a_a
 b____b
   c_c
    d__d
        ee

abAcdCBeDE -> ab(c)de
a_a
 b____b
   c_c
    d___d
       e_e

abAcdCBeED -> ab(c)d(e)
a_a
 b____b
   c_c
    d____d
       ee

abAcdCDBeE -> ab(cd)e
a_a
 b_____b
   c_c
    d_d
        ee

abAcdCDeBE -> ab(cd)e
a_a
 b______b
   c_c
    d_d
       e_e

abAcdCDeEB -> ab(cde)
a_a
 b_______b
   c_c
    d_d
       ee

abAcdCeBDE -> ab(c)de
a_a
 b_____b
   c_c
    d___d
      e__e

abAcdCeBED -> ab(c)d(e)
a_a
 b_____b
   c_c
    d____d
      e_e

abAcdCeDBE -> ab(cd)e
a_a
 b______b
   c_c
    d__d
      e__e

abAcdCeDEB -> ab(cde)
a_a
 b_______b
   c_c
    d__d
      e_e

abAcdCeEBD -> ab(ce)d
a_a
 b______b
   c_c
    d____d
      ee

abAcdCeEDB -> ab(cd(e))
a_a
 b_______b
   c_c
    d___d
      ee

abAcdDBCeE -> ab(d)ce
a_a
 b____b
   c___c
    dd
        ee

abAcdDBeCE -> ab(d)ce
a_a
 b____b
   c____c
    dd
       e_e

abAcdDBeEC -> ab(d)c(e)
a_a
 b____b
   c_____c
    dd
       ee

abAcdDCBeE -> ab(c(d))e
a_a
 b_____b
   c__c
    dd
        ee

abAcdDCeBE -> ab(c(d))e
a_a
 b______b
   c__c
    dd
       e_e

abAcdDCeEB -> ab(c(d)e)
a_a
 b_______b
   c__c
    dd
       ee

abAcdDeBCE -> ab(d)ce
a_a
 b_____b
   c____c
    dd
      e__e

abAcdDeBEC -> ab(d)c(e)
a_a
 b_____b
   c_____c
    dd
      e_e

abAcdDeCBE -> ab(c(d))e
a_a
 b______b
   c___c
    dd
      e__e

abAcdDeCEB -> ab(c(d)e)
a_a
 b_______b
   c___c
    dd
      e_e

abAcdDeEBC -> ab(de)c
a_a
 b______b
   c_____c
    dd
      ee

abAcdDeECB -> ab(c(de))
a_a
 b_______b
   c____c
    dd
      ee

abAcdeBCDE -> abcde
a_a
 b____b
   c___c
    d___d
     e___e

abAcdeBCED -> abcd(e)
a_a
 b____b
   c___c
    d____d
     e__e

abAcdeBDCE -> abc(d)e
a_a
 b____b
   c____c
    d__d
     e___e

abAcdeBDEC -> abc(de)
a_a
 b____b
   c_____c
    d__d
     e__e

abAcdeBECD -> abc(e)d
a_a
 b____b
   c____c
    d____d
     e_e

abAcdeBEDC -> abc(d(e))
a_a
 b____b
   c_____c
    d___d
     e_e

abAcdeCBDE -> ab(c)de
a_a
 b_____b
   c__c
    d___d
     e___e

abAcdeCBED -> ab(c)d(e)
a_a
 b_____b
   c__c
    d____d
     e__e

abAcdeCDBE -> ab(cd)e
a_a
 b______b
   c__c
    d__d
     e___e

abAcdeCDEB -> ab(cde)
a_a
 b_______b
   c__c
    d__d
     e__e

abAcdeCEBD -> ab(ce)d
a_a
 b______b
   c__c
    d____d
     e_e

abAcdeCEDB -> ab(cd(e))
a_a
 b_______b
   c__c
    d___d
     e_e

abAcdeDBCE -> ab(d)ce
a_a
 b_____b
   c____c
    d_d
     e___e

abAcdeDBEC -> ab(d)c(e)
a_a
 b_____b
   c_____c
    d_d
     e__e

abAcdeDCBE -> ab(c(d))e
a_a
 b______b
   c___c
    d_d
     e___e

abAcdeDCEB -> ab(c(d)e)
a_a
 b_______b
   c___c
    d_d
     e__e

abAcdeDEBC -> ab(de)c
a_a
 b______b
   c_____c
    d_d
     e_e

abAcdeDECB -> ab(c(de))
a_a
 b_______b
   c____c
    d_d
     e_e

abAcdeEBCD -> ab(e)cd
a_a
 b_____b
   c____c
    d____d
     ee

abAcdeEBDC -> ab(e)c(d)
a_a
 b_____b
   c_____c
    d___d
     ee

abAcdeECBD -> ab(c(e))d
a_a
 b______b
   c___c
    d____d
     ee

abAcdeECDB -> ab(c(e)d)
a_a
 b_______b
   c___c
    d___d
     ee

abAcdeEDBC -> ab(d(e))c
a_a
 b______b
   c_____c
    d__d
     ee

abAcdeEDCB -> ab(c(d(e)))
a_a
 b_______b
   c____c
    d__d
     ee

abBAcCdDeE -> a(b)cde
a__a
 bb
    cc
      dd
        ee

abBAcCdeDE -> a(b)cde
a__a
 bb
    cc
      d_d
       e_e

abBAcCdeED -> a(b)cd(e)
a__a
 bb
    cc
      d__d
       ee

abBAcdCDeE -> a(b)cde
a__a
 bb
    c_c
     d_d
        ee

abBAcdCeDE -> a(b)cde
a__a
 bb
    c_c
     d__d
       e_e

abBAcdCeED -> a(b)cd(e)
a__a
 bb
    c_c
     d___d
       ee

abBAcdDCeE -> a(b)c(d)e
a__a
 bb
    c__c
     dd
        ee

abBAcdDeCE -> a(b)c(d)e
a__a
 bb
    c___c
     dd
       e_e

abBAcdDeEC -> a(b)c(de)
a__a
 bb
    c____c
     dd
       ee

abBAcdeCDE -> a(b)cde
a__a
 bb
    c__c
     d__d
      e__e

abBAcdeCED -> a(b)cd(e)
a__a
 bb
    c__c
     d___d
      e_e

abBAcdeDCE -> a(b)c(d)e
a__a
 bb
    c___c
     d_d
      e__e

abBAcdeDEC -> a(b)c(de)
a__a
 bb
    c____c
     d_d
      e_e

abBAcdeECD -> a(b)c(e)d
a__a
 bb
    c___c
     d___d
      ee

abBAcdeEDC -> a(b)c(d(e))
a__a
 bb
    c____c
     d__d
      ee

abBcACdDeE -> a(b)cde
a___a
 bb
   c_c
      dd
        ee

abBcACdeDE -> a(b)cde
a___a
 bb
   c_c
      d_d
       e_e

abBcACdeED -> a(b)cd(e)
a___a
 bb
   c_c
      d__d
       ee

abBcAdCDeE -> a(b)cde
a___a
 bb
   c__c
     d_d
        ee

abBcAdCeDE -> a(b)cde
a___a
 bb
   c__c
     d__d
       e_e

abBcAdCeED -> a(b)cd(e)
a___a
 bb
   c__c
     d___d
       ee

abBcAdDCeE -> a(b)c(d)e
a___a
 bb
   c___c
     dd
        ee

abBcAdDeCE -> a(b)c(d)e
a___a
 bb
   c____c
     dd
       e_e

abBcAdDeEC -> a(b)c(de)
a___a
 bb
   c_____c
     dd
       ee

abBcAdeCDE -> a(b)cde
a___a
 bb
   c___c
     d__d
      e__e

abBcAdeCED -> a(b)cd(e)
a___a
 bb
   c___c
     d___d
      e_e

abBcAdeDCE -> a(b)c(d)e
a___a
 bb
   c____c
     d_d
      e__e

abBcAdeDEC -> a(b)c(de)
a___a
 bb
   c_____c
     d_d
      e_e

abBcAdeECD -> a(b)c(e)d
a___a
 bb
   c____c
     d___d
      ee

abBcAdeEDC -> a(b)c(d(e))
a___a
 bb
   c_____c
     d__d
      ee

abBcCAdDeE -> a(bc)de
a____a
 bb
   cc
      dd
        ee

abBcCAdeDE -> a(bc)de
a____a
 bb
   cc
      d_d
       e_e

abBcCAdeED -> a(bc)d(e)
a____a
 bb
   cc
      d__d
       ee

abBcCdADeE -> a(bc)de
a_____a
 bb
   cc
     d_d
        ee

abBcCdAeDE -> a(bc)de
a_____a
 bb
   cc
     d__d
       e_e

abBcCdAeED -> a(bc)d(e)
a_____a
 bb
   cc
     d___d
       ee

abBcCdDAeE -> a(bcd)e
a______a
 bb
   cc
     dd
        ee

abBcCdDeAE -> a(bcd)e
a_______a
 bb
   cc
     dd
       e_e

abBcCdDeEA -> a(bcde)
a________a
 bb
   cc
     dd
       ee

abBcCdeADE -> a(bc)de
a______a
 bb
   cc
     d__d
      e__e

abBcCdeAED -> a(bc)d(e)
a______a
 bb
   cc
     d___d
      e_e

abBcCdeDAE -> a(bcd)e
a_______a
 bb
   cc
     d_d
      e__e

abBcCdeDEA -> a(bcde)
a________a
 bb
   cc
     d_d
      e_e

abBcCdeEAD -> a(bce)d
a_______a
 bb
   cc
     d___d
      ee

abBcCdeEDA -> a(bcd(e))
a________a
 bb
   cc
     d__d
      ee

abBcdACDeE -> a(b)cde
a____a
 bb
   c__c
    d__d
        ee

abBcdACeDE -> a(b)cde
a____a
 bb
   c__c
    d___d
       e_e

abBcdACeED -> a(b)cd(e)
a____a
 bb
   c__c
    d____d
       ee

abBcdADCeE -> a(b)c(d)e
a____a
 bb
   c___c
    d_d
        ee

abBcdADeCE -> a(b)c(d)e
a____a
 bb
   c____c
    d_d
       e_e

abBcdADeEC -> a(b)c(de)
a____a
 bb
   c_____c
    d_d
       ee

abBcdAeCDE -> a(b)cde
a____a
 bb
   c___c
    d___d
      e__e

abBcdAeCED -> a(b)cd(e)
a____a
 bb
   c___c
    d____d
      e_e

abBcdAeDCE -> a(b)c(d)e
a____a
 bb
   c____c
    d__d
      e__e

abBcdAeDEC -> a(b)c(de)
a____a
 bb
   c_____c
    d__d
      e_e

abBcdAeECD -> a(b)c(e)d
a____a
 bb
   c____c
    d____d
      ee

abBcdAeEDC -> a(b)c(d(e))
a____a
 bb
   c_____c
    d___d
      ee

abBcdCADeE -> a(bc)de
a_____a
 bb
   c_c
    d__d
        ee

abBcdCAeDE -> a(bc)de
a_____a
 bb
   c_c
    d___d
       e_e

abBcdCAeED -> a(bc)d(e)
a_____a
 bb
   c_c
    d____d
       ee

abBcdCDAeE -> a(bcd)e
a______a
 bb
   c_c
    d_d
        ee

abBcdCDeAE -> a(bcd)e
a_______a
 bb
   c_c
    d_d
       e_e

abBcdCDeEA -> a(bcde)
a________a
 bb
   c_c
    d_d
       ee

abBcdCeADE -> a(bc)de
a______a
 bb
   c_c
    d___d
      e__e

abBcdCeAED -> a(bc)d(e)
a______a
 bb
   c_c
    d____d
      e_e

abBcdCeDAE -> a(bcd)e
a_______a
 bb
   c_c
    d__d
      e__e

abBcdCeDEA -> a(bcde)
a________a
 bb
   c_c
    d__d
      e_e

abBcdCeEAD -> a(bce)d
a_______a
 bb
   c_c
    d____d
      ee

abBcdCeEDA -> a(bcd(e))
a________a
 bb
   c_c
    d___d
      ee

abBcdDACeE -> a(bd)ce
a_____a
 bb
   c___c
    dd
        ee

abBcdDAeCE -> a(bd)ce
a_____a
 bb
   c____c
    dd
       e_e

abBcdDAeEC -> a(bd)c(e)
a_____a
 bb
   c_____c
    dd
       ee

abBcdDCAeE -> a(bc(d))e
a______a
 bb
   c__c
    dd
        ee

abBcdDCeAE -> a(bc(d))e
a_______a
 bb
   c__c
    dd
       e_e

abBcdDCeEA -> a(bc(d)e)
a________a
 bb
   c__c
    dd
       ee

abBcdDeACE -> a(bd)ce
a______a
 bb
   c____c
    dd
      e__e

abBcdDeAEC -> a(bd)c(e)
a______a
 bb
   c_____c
    dd
      e_e

abBcdDeCAE -> a(bc(d))e
a_______a
 bb
   c___c
    dd
      e__e

abBcdDeCEA -> a(bc(d)e)
a________a
 bb
   c___c
    dd
      e_e

abBcdDeEAC -> a(bde)c
a_______a
 bb
   c_____c
    dd
      ee

abBcdDeECA -> a(bc(de))
a________a
 bb
   c____c
    dd
      ee

abBcdeACDE -> a(b)cde
a_____a
 bb
   c___c
    d___d
     e___e

abBcdeACED -> a(b)cd(e)
a_____a
 bb
   c___c
    d____d
     e__e

abBcdeADCE -> a(b)c(d)e
a_____a
 bb
   c____c
    d__d
     e___e

abBcdeADEC -> a(b)c(de)
a_____a
 bb
   c_____c
    d__d
     e__e

abBcdeAECD -> a(b)c(e)d
a_____a
 bb
   c____c
    d____d
     e_e

abBcdeAEDC -> a(b)c(d(e))
a_____a
 bb
   c_____c
    d___d
     e_e

abBcdeCADE -> a(bc)de
a______a
 bb
   c__c
    d___d
     e___e

abBcdeCAED -> a(bc)d(e)
a______a
 bb
   c__c
    d____d
     e__e

abBcdeCDAE -> a(bcd)e
a_______a
 bb
   c__c
    d__d
     e___e

abBcdeCDEA -> a(bcde)
a________a
 bb
   c__c
    d__d
     e__e

abBcdeCEAD -> a(bce)d
a_______a
 bb
   c__c
    d____d
     e_e

abBcdeCEDA -> a(bcd(e))
a________a
 bb
   c__c
    d___d
     e_e

abBcdeDACE -> a(bd)ce
a______a
 bb
   c____c
    d_d
     e___e

abBcdeDAEC -> a(bd)c(e)
a______a
 bb
   c_____c
    d_d
     e__e

abBcdeDCAE -> a(bc(d))e
a_______a
 bb
   c___c
    d_d
     e___e

abBcdeDCEA -> a(bc(d)e)
a________a
 bb
   c___c
    d_d
     e__e

abBcdeDEAC -> a(bde)c
a_______a
 bb
   c_____c
    d_d
     e_e

abBcdeDECA -> a(bc(de))
a________a
 bb
   c____c
    d_d
     e_e

abBcdeEACD -> a(be)cd
a______a
 bb
   c____c
    d____d
     ee

abBcdeEADC -> a(be)c(d)
a______a
 bb
   c_____c
    d___d
     ee

abBcdeECAD -> a(bc(e))d
a_______a
 bb
   c___c
    d____d
     ee

abBcdeECDA -> a(bc(e)d)
a________a
 bb
   c___c
    d___d
     ee

abBcdeEDAC -> a(bd(e))c
a_______a
 bb
   c_____c
    d__d
     ee

abBcdeEDCA -> a(bc(d(e)))
a________a
 bb
   c____c
    d__d
     ee

abcABCdDeE -> abcde
a__a
 b__b
  c__c
      dd
        ee

abcABCdeDE -> abcde
a__a
 b__b
  c__c
      d_d
       e_e

abcABCdeED -> abcd(e)
a__a
 b__b
  c__c
      d__d
       ee

abcABdCDeE -> abcde
a__a
 b__b
  c___c
     d_d
        ee

abcABdCeDE -> abcde
a__a
 b__b
  c___c
     d__d
       e_e

abcABdCeED -> abcd(e)
a__a
 b__b
  c___c
     d___d
       ee

abcABdDCeE -> abc(d)e
a__a
 b__b
  c____c
     dd
        ee

abcABdDeCE -> abc(d)e
a__a
 b__b
  c_____c
     dd
       e_e

abcABdDeEC -> abc(de)
a__a
 b__b
  c______c
     dd
       ee

abcABdeCDE -> abcde
a__a
 b__b
  c____c
     d__d
      e__e

abcABdeCED -> abcd(e)
a__a
 b__b
  c____c
     d___d
      e_e

abcABdeDCE -> abc(d)e
a__a
 b__b
  c_____c
     d_d
      e__e

abcABdeDEC -> abc(de)
a__a
 b__b
  c______c
     d_d
      e_e

abcABdeECD -> abc(e)d
a__a
 b__b
  c_____c
     d___d
      ee

abcABdeEDC -> abc(d(e))
a__a
 b__b
  c______c
     d__d
      ee

abcACBdDeE -> ab(c)de
a__a
 b___b
  c_c
      dd
        ee

abcACBdeDE -> ab(c)de
a__a
 b___b
  c_c
      d_d
       e_e

abcACBdeED -> ab(c)d(e)
a__a
 b___b
  c_c
      d__d
       ee

abcACdBDeE -> ab(c)de
a__a
 b____b
  c_c
     d_d
        ee

abcACdBeDE -> ab(c)de
a__a
 b____b
  c_c
     d__d
       e_e

abcACdBeED -> ab(c)d(e)
a__a
 b____b
  c_c
     d___d
       ee

abcACdDBeE -> ab(cd)e
a__a
 b_____b
  c_c
     dd
        ee

abcACdDeBE -> ab(cd)e
a__a
 b______b
  c_c
     dd
       e_e

abcACdDeEB -> ab(cde)
a__a
 b_______b
  c_c
     dd
       ee

abcACdeBDE -> ab(c)de
a__a
 b_____b
  c_c
     d__d
      e__e

abcACdeBED -> ab(c)d(e)
a__a
 b_____b
  c_c
     d___d
      e_e

abcACdeDBE -> ab(cd)e
a__a
 b______b
  c_c
     d_d
      e__e

abcACdeDEB -> ab(cde)
a__a
 b_______b
  c_c
     d_d
      e_e

abcACdeEBD -> ab(ce)d
a__a
 b______b
  c_c
     d___d
      ee

abcACdeEDB -> ab(cd(e))
a__a
 b_______b
  c_c
     d__d
      ee

abcAdBCDeE -> abcde
a__a
 b___b
  c___c
    d__d
        ee

abcAdBCeDE -> abcde
a__a
 b___b
  c___c
    d___d
       e_e

abcAdBCeED -> abcd(e)
a__a
 b___b
  c___c
    d____d
       ee

abcAdBDCeE -> abc(d)e
a__a
 b___b
  c____c
    d_d
        ee

abcAdBDeCE -> abc(d)e
a__a
 b___b
  c_____c
    d_d
       e_e

abcAdBDeEC -> abc(de)
a__a
 b___b
  c______c
    d_d
       ee

abcAdBeCDE -> abcde
a__a
 b___b
  c____c
    d___d
      e__e

abcAdBeCED -> abcd(e)
a__a
 b___b
  c____c
    d____d
      e_e

abcAdBeDCE -> abc(d)e
a__a
 b___b
  c_____c
    d__d
      e__e

abcAdBeDEC -> abc(de)
a__a
 b___b
  c______c
    d__d
      e_e

abcAdBeECD -> abc(e)d
a__a
 b___b
  c_____c
    d____d
      ee

abcAdBeEDC -> abc(d(e))
a__a
 b___b
  c______c
    d___d
      ee

abcAdCBDeE -> ab(c)de
a__a
 b____b
  c__c
    d__d
        ee

abcAdCBeDE -> ab(c)de
a__a
 b____b
  c__c
    d___d
       e_e

abcAdCBeED -> ab(c)d(e)
a__a
 b____b
  c__c
    d____d
       ee

abcAdCDBeE -> ab(cd)e
a__a
 b_____b
  c__c
    d_d
        ee

abcAdCDeBE -> ab(cd)e
a__a
 b______b
  c__c
    d_d
       e_e

abcAdCDeEB -> ab(cde)
a__a
 b_______b
  c__c
    d_d
       ee

abcAdCeBDE -> ab(c)de
a__a
 b_____b
  c__c
    d___d
      e__e

abcAdCeBED -> ab(c)d(e)
a__a
 b_____b
  c__c
    d____d
      e_e

abcAdCeDBE -> ab(cd)e
a__a
 b______b
  c__c
    d__d
      e__e

abcAdCeDEB -> ab(cde)
a__a
 b_______b
  c__c
    d__d
      e_e

abcAdCeEBD -> ab(ce)d
a__a
 b______b
  c__c
    d____d
      ee

abcAdCeEDB -> ab(cd(e))
a__a
 b_______b
  c__c
    d___d
      ee

abcAdDBCeE -> ab(d)ce
a__a
 b____b
  c____c
    dd
        ee

abcAdDBeCE -> ab(d)ce
a__a
 b____b
  c_____c
    dd
       e_e

abcAdDBeEC -> ab(d)c(e)
a__a
 b____b
  c______c
    dd
       ee

abcAdDCBeE -> ab(c(d))e
a__a
 b_____b
  c___c
    dd
        ee

abcAdDCeBE -> ab(c(d))e
a__a
 b______b
  c___c
    dd
       e_e

abcAdDCeEB -> ab(c(d)e)
a__a
 b_______b
  c___c
    dd
       ee

abcAdDeBCE -> ab(d)ce
a__a
 b_____b
  c_____c
    dd
      e__e

abcAdDeBEC -> ab(d)c(e)
a__a
 b_____b
  c______c
    dd
      e_e

abcAdDeCBE -> ab(c(d))e
a__a
 b______b
  c____c
    dd
      e__e

abcAdDeCEB -> ab(c(d)e)
a__a
 b_______b
  c____c
    dd
      e_e

abcAdDeEBC -> ab(de)c
a__a
 b______b
  c______c
    dd
      ee

abcAdDeECB -> ab(c(de))
a__a
 b_______b
  c_____c
    dd
      ee

abcAdeBCDE -> abcde
a__a
 b____b
  c____c
    d___d
     e___e

abcAdeBCED -> abcd(e)
a__a
 b____b
  c____c
    d____d
     e__e

abcAdeBDCE -> abc(d)e
a__a
 b____b
  c_____c
    d__d
     e___e

abcAdeBDEC -> abc(de)
a__a
 b____b
  c______c
    d__d
     e__e

abcAdeBECD -> abc(e)d
a__a
 b____b
  c_____c
    d____d
     e_e

abcAdeBEDC -> abc(d(e))
a__a
 b____b
  c______c
    d___d
     e_e

abcAdeCBDE -> ab(c)de
a__a
 b_____b
  c___c
    d___d
     e___e

abcAdeCBED -> ab(c)d(e)
a__a
 b_____b
  c___c
    d____d
     e__e

abcAdeCDBE -> ab(cd)e
a__a
 b______b
  c___c
    d__d
     e___e

abcAdeCDEB -> ab(cde)
a__a
 b_______b
  c___c
    d__d
     e__e

abcAdeCEBD -> ab(ce)d
a__a
 b______b
  c___c
    d____d
     e_e

abcAdeCEDB -> ab(cd(e))
a__a
 b_______b
  c___c
    d___d
     e_e

abcAdeDBCE -> ab(d)ce
a__a
 b_____b
  c_____c
    d_d
     e___e

abcAdeDBEC -> ab(d)c(e)
a__a
 b_____b
  c______c
    d_d
     e__e

abcAdeDCBE -> ab(c(d))e
a__a
 b______b
  c____c
    d_d
     e___e

abcAdeDCEB -> ab(c(d)e)
a__a
 b_______b
  c____c
    d_d
     e__e

abcAdeDEBC -> ab(de)c
a__a
 b______b
  c______c
    d_d
     e_e

abcAdeDECB -> ab(c(de))
a__a
 b_______b
  c_____c
    d_d
     e_e

abcAdeEBCD -> ab(e)cd
a__a
 b_____b
  c_____c
    d____d
     ee

abcAdeEBDC -> ab(e)c(d)
a__a
 b_____b
  c______c
    d___d
     ee

abcAdeECBD -> ab(c(e))d
a__a
 b______b
  c____c
    d____d
     ee

abcAdeECDB -> ab(c(e)d)
a__a
 b_______b
  c____c
    d___d
     ee

abcAdeEDBC -> ab(d(e))c
a__a
 b______b
  c______c
    d__d
     ee

abcAdeEDCB -> ab(c(d(e)))
a__a
 b_______b
  c_____c
    d__d
     ee

abcBACdDeE -> a(b)cde
a___a
 b_b
  c__c
      dd
        ee

abcBACdeDE -> a(b)cde
a___a
 b_b
  c__c
      d_d
       e_e

abcBACdeED -> a(b)cd(e)
a___a
 b_b
  c__c
      d__d
       ee

abcBAdCDeE -> a(b)cde
a___a
 b_b
  c___c
     d_d
        ee

abcBAdCeDE -> a(b)cde
a___a
 b_b
  c___c
     d__d
       e_e

abcBAdCeED -> a(b)cd(e)
a___a
 b_b
  c___c
     d___d
       ee

abcBAdDCeE -> a(b)c(d)e
a___a
 b_b
  c____c
     dd
        ee

abcBAdDeCE -> a(b)c(d)e
a___a
 b_b
  c_____c
     dd
       e_e

abcBAdDeEC -> a(b)c(de)
a___a
 b_b
  c______c
     dd
       ee

abcBAdeCDE -> a(b)cde
a___a
 b_b
  c____c
     d__d
      e__e

abcBAdeCED -> a(b)cd(e)
a___a
 b_b
  c____c
     d___d
      e_e

abcBAdeDCE -> a(b)c(d)e
a___a
 b_b
  c_____c
     d_d
      e__e

abcBAdeDEC -> a(b)c(de)
a___a
 b_b
  c______c
     d_d
      e_e

abcBAdeECD -> a(b)c(e)d
a___a
 b_b
  c_____c
     d___d
      ee

abcBAdeEDC -> a(b)c(d(e))
a___a
 b_b
  c______c
     d__d
      ee

abcBCAdDeE -> a(bc)de
a____a
 b_b
  c_c
      dd
        ee

abcBCAdeDE -> a(bc)de
a____a
 b_b
  c_c
      d_d
       e_e

abcBCAdeED -> a(bc)d(e)
a____a
 b_b
  c_c
      d__d
       ee

abcBCdADeE -> a(bc)de
a_____a
 b_b
  c_c
     d_d
        ee

abcBCdAeDE -> a(bc)de
a_____a
 b_b
  c_c
     d__d
       e_e

abcBCdAeED -> a(bc)d(e)
a_____a
 b_b
  c_c
     d___d
       ee

abcBCdDAeE -> a(bcd)e
a______a
 b_b
  c_c
     dd
        ee

abcBCdDeAE -> a(bcd)e
a_______a
 b_b
  c_c
     dd
       e_e

abcBCdDeEA -> a(bcde)
a________a
 b_b
  c_c
     dd
       ee

abcBCdeADE -> a(bc)de
a______a
 b_b
  c_c
     d__d
      e__e

abcBCdeAED -> a(bc)d(e)
a______a
 b_b
  c_c
     d___d
      e_e

abcBCdeDAE -> a(bcd)e
a_______a
 b_b
  c_c
     d_d
      e__e

abcBCdeDEA -> a(bcde)
a________a
 b_b
  c_c
     d_d
      e_e

abcBCdeEAD -> a(bce)d
a_______a
 b_b
  c_c
     d___d
      ee

abcBCdeEDA -> a(bcd(e))
a________a
 b_b
  c_c
     d__d
      ee

abcBdACDeE -> a(b)cde
a____a
 b_b
  c___c
    d__d
        ee

abcBdACeDE -> a(b)cde
a____a
 b_b
  c___c
    d___d
       e_e

abcBdACeED -> a(b)cd(e)
a____a
 b_b
  c___c
    d____d
       ee

abcBdADCeE -> a(b)c(d)e
a____a
 b_b
  c____c
    d_d
        ee

abcBdADeCE -> a(b)c(d)e
a____a
 b_b
  c_____c
    d_d
       e_e

abcBdADeEC -> a(b)c(de)
a____a
 b_b
  c______c
    d_d
       ee

abcBdAeCDE -> a(b)cde
a____a
 b_b
  c____c
    d___d
      e__e

abcBdAeCED -> a(b)cd(e)
a____a
 b_b
  c____c
    d____d
      e_e

abcBdAeDCE -> a(b)c(d)e
a____a
 b_b
  c_____c
    d__d
      e__e

abcBdAeDEC -> a(b)c(de)
a____a
 b_b
  c______c
    d__d
      e_e

abcBdAeECD -> a(b)c(e)d
a____a
 b_b
  c_____c
    d____d
      ee

abcBdAeEDC -> a(b)c(d(e))
a____a
 b_b
  c______c
    d___d
      ee

abcBdCADeE -> a(bc)de
a_____a
 b_b
  c__c
    d__d
        ee

abcBdCAeDE -> a(bc)de
a_____a
 b_b
  c__c
    d___d
       e_e

abcBdCAeED -> a(bc)d(e)
a_____a
 b_b
  c__c
    d____d
       ee

abcBdCDAeE -> a(bcd)e
a______a
 b_b
  c__c
    d_d
        ee

abcBdCDeAE -> a(bcd)e
a_______a
 b_b
  c__c
    d_d
       e_e

abcBdCDeEA -> a(bcde)
a________a
 b_b
  c__c
    d_d
       ee

abcBdCeADE -> a(bc)de
a______a
 b_b
  c__c
    d___d
      e__e

abcBdCeAED -> a(bc)d(e)
a______a
 b_b
  c__c
    d____d
      e_e

abcBdCeDAE -> a(bcd)e
a_______a
 b_b
  c__c
    d__d
      e__e

abcBdCeDEA -> a(bcde)
a________a
 b_b
  c__c
    d__d
      e_e

abcBdCeEAD -> a(bce)d
a_______a
 b_b
  c__c
    d____d
      ee

abcBdCeEDA -> a(bcd(e))
a________a
 b_b
  c__c
    d___d
      ee

abcBdDACeE -> a(bd)ce
a_____a
 b_b
  c____c
    dd
        ee

abcBdDAeCE -> a(bd)ce
a_____a
 b_b
  c_____c
    dd
       e_e

abcBdDAeEC -> a(bd)c(e)
a_____a
 b_b
  c______c
    dd
       ee

abcBdDCAeE -> a(bc(d))e
a______a
 b_b
  c___c
    dd
        ee

abcBdDCeAE -> a(bc(d))e
a_______a
 b_b
  c___c
    dd
       e_e

abcBdDCeEA -> a(bc(d)e)
a________a
 b_b
  c___c
    dd
       ee

abcBdDeACE -> a(bd)ce
a______a
 b_b
  c_____c
    dd
      e__e

abcBdDeAEC -> a(bd)c(e)
a______a
 b_b
  c______c
    dd
      e_e

abcBdDeCAE -> a(bc(d))e
a_______a
 b_b
  c____c
    dd
      e__e

abcBdDeCEA -> a(bc(d)e)
a________a
 b_b
  c____c
    dd
      e_e

abcBdDeEAC -> a(bde)c
a_______a
 b_b
  c______c
    dd
      ee

abcBdDeECA -> a(bc(de))
a________a
 b_b
  c_____c
    dd
      ee

abcBdeACDE -> a(b)cde
a_____a
 b_b
  c____c
    d___d
     e___e

abcBdeACED -> a(b)cd(e)
a_____a
 b_b
  c____c
    d____d
     e__e

abcBdeADCE -> a(b)c(d)e
a_____a
 b_b
  c_____c
    d__d
     e___e

abcBdeADEC -> a(b)c(de)
a_____a
 b_b
  c______c
    d__d
     e__e

abcBdeAECD -> a(b)c(e)d
a_____a
 b_b
  c_____c
    d____d
     e_e

abcBdeAEDC -> a(b)c(d(e))
a_____a
 b_b
  c______c
    d___d
     e_e

abcBdeCADE -> a(bc)de
a______a
 b_b
  c___c
    d___d
     e___e

abcBdeCAED -> a(bc)d(e)
a______a
 b_b
  c___c
    d____d
     e__e

abcBdeCDAE -> a(bcd)e
a_______a
 b_b
  c___c
    d__d
     e___e

abcBdeCDEA -> a(bcde)
a________a
 b_b
  c___c
    d__d
     e__e

abcBdeCEAD -> a(bce)d
a_______a
 b_b
  c___c
    d____d
     e_e

abcBdeCEDA -> a(bcd(e))
a________a
 b_b
  c___c
    d___d
     e_e

abcBdeDACE -> a(bd)ce
a______a
 b_b
  c_____c
    d_d
     e___e

abcBdeDAEC -> a(bd)c(e)
a______a
 b_b
  c______c
    d_d
     e__e

abcBdeDCAE -> a(bc(d))e
a_______a
 b_b
  c____c
    d_d
     e___e

abcBdeDCEA -> a(bc(d)e)
a________a
 b_b
  c____c
    d_d
     e__e

abcBdeDEAC -> a(bde)c
a_______a
 b_b
  c______c
    d_d
     e_e

abcBdeDECA -> a(bc(de))
a________a
 b_b
  c_____c
    d_d
     e_e

abcBdeEACD -> a(be)cd
a______a
 b_b
  c_____c
    d____d
     ee

abcBdeEADC -> a(be)c(d)
a______a
 b_b
  c______c
    d___d
     ee

abcBdeECAD -> a(bc(e))d
a_______a
 b_b
  c____c
    d____d
     ee

abcBdeECDA -> a(bc(e)d)
a________a
 b_b
  c____c
    d___d
     ee

abcBdeEDAC -> a(bd(e))c
a_______a
 b_b
  c______c
    d__d
     ee

abcBdeEDCA -> a(bc(d(e)))
a________a
 b_b
  c_____c
    d__d
     ee

abcCABdDeE -> a(c)bde
a___a
 b___b
  cc
      dd
        ee

abcCABdeDE -> a(c)bde
a___a
 b___b
  cc
      d_d
       e_e

abcCABdeED -> a(c)bd(e)
a___a
 b___b
  cc
      d__d
       ee

abcCAdBDeE -> a(c)bde
a___a
 b____b
  cc
     d_d
        ee

abcCAdBeDE -> a(c)bde
a___a
 b____b
  cc
     d__d
       e_e

abcCAdBeED -> a(c)bd(e)
a___a
 b____b
  cc
     d___d
       ee

abcCAdDBeE -> a(c)b(d)e
a___a
 b_____b
  cc
     dd
        ee

abcCAdDeBE -> a(c)b(d)e
a___a
 b______b
  cc
     dd
       e_e

abcCAdDeEB -> a(c)b(de)
a___a
 b_______b
  cc
     dd
       ee

abcCAdeBDE -> a(c)bde
a___a
 b_____b
  cc
     d__d
      e__e

abcCAdeBED -> a(c)bd(e)
a___a
 b_____b
  cc
     d___d
      e_e

abcCAdeDBE -> a(c)b(d)e
a___a
 b______b
  cc
     d_d
      e__e

abcCAdeDEB -> a(c)b(de)
a___a
 b_______b
  cc
     d_d
      e_e

abcCAdeEBD -> a(c)b(e)d
a___a
 b______b
  cc
     d___d
      ee

abcCAdeEDB -> a(c)b(d(e))
a___a
 b_______b
  cc
     d__d
      ee

abcCBAdDeE -> a(b(c))de
a____a
 b__b
  cc
      dd
        ee

abcCBAdeDE -> a(b(c))de
a____a
 b__b
  cc
      d_d
       e_e

abcCBAdeED -> a(b(c))d(e)
a____a
 b__b
  cc
      d__d
       ee

abcCBdADeE -> a(b(c))de
a_____a
 b__b
  cc
     d_d
        ee

abcCBdAeDE -> a(b(c))de
a_____a
 b__b
  cc
     d__d
       e_e

abcCBdAeED -> a(b(c))d(e)
a_____a
 b__b
  cc
     d___d
       ee

abcCBdDAeE -> a(b(c)d)e
a______a
 b__b
  cc
     dd
        ee

abcCBdDeAE -> a(b(c)d)e
a_______a
 b__b
  cc
     dd
       e_e

abcCBdDeEA -> a(b(c)de)
a________a
 b__b
  cc
     dd
       ee

abcCBdeADE -> a(b(c))de
a______a
 b__b
  cc
     d__d
      e__e

abcCBdeAED -> a(b(c))d(e)
a______a
 b__b
  cc
     d___d
      e_e

abcCBdeDAE -> a(b(c)d)e
a_______a
 b__b
  cc
     d_d
      e__e

abcCBdeDEA -> a(b(c)de)
a________a
 b__b
  cc
     d_d
      e_e

abcCBdeEAD -> a(b(c)e)d
a_______a
 b__b
  cc
     d___d
      ee

abcCBdeEDA -> a(b(c)d(e))
a________a
 b__b
  cc
     d__d
      ee

abcCdABDeE -> a(c)bde
a____a
 b____b
  cc
    d__d
        ee

abcCdABeDE -> a(c)bde
a____a
 b____b
  cc
    d___d
       e_e

abcCdABeED -> a(c)bd(e)
a____a
 b____b
  cc
    d____d
       ee

abcCdADBeE -> a(c)b(d)e
a____a
 b_____b
  cc
    d_d
        ee

abcCdADeBE -> a(c)b(d)e
a____a
 b______b
  cc
    d_d
       e_e

abcCdADeEB -> a(c)b(de)
a____a
 b_______b
  cc
    d_d
       ee

abcCdAeBDE -> a(c)bde
a____a
 b_____b
  cc
    d___d
      e__e

abcCdAeBED -> a(c)bd(e)
a____a
 b_____b
  cc
    d____d
      e_e

abcCdAeDBE -> a(c)b(d)e
a____a
 b______b
  cc
    d__d
      e__e

abcCdAeDEB -> a(c)b(de)
a____a
 b_______b
  cc
    d__d
      e_e

abcCdAeEBD -> a(c)b(e)d
a____a
 b______b
  cc
    d____d
      ee

abcCdAeEDB -> a(c)b(d(e))
a____a
 b_______b
  cc
    d___d
      ee

abcCdBADeE -> a(b(c))de
a_____a
 b___b
  cc
    d__d
        ee

abcCdBAeDE -> a(b(c))de
a_____a
 b___b
  cc
    d___d
       e_e

abcCdBAeED -> a(b(c))d(e)
a_____a
 b___b
  cc
    d____d
       ee

abcCdBDAeE -> a(b(c)d)e
a______a
 b___b
  cc
    d_d
        ee

abcCdBDeAE -> a(b(c)d)e
a_______a
 b___b
  cc
    d_d
       e_e

abcCdBDeEA -> a(b(c)de)
a________a
 b___b
  cc
    d_d
       ee

abcCdBeADE -> a(b(c))de
a______a
 b___b
  cc
    d___d
      e__e

abcCdBeAED -> a(b(c))d(e)
a______a
 b___b
  cc
    d____d
      e_e

abcCdBeDAE -> a(b(c)d)e
a_______a
 b___b
  cc
    d__d
      e__e

abcCdBeDEA -> a(b(c)de)
a________a
 b___b
  cc
    d__d
      e_e

abcCdBeEAD -> a(b(c)e)d
a_______a
 b___b
  cc
    d____d
      ee

abcCdBeEDA -> a(b(c)d(e))
a________a
 b___b
  cc
    d___d
      ee

abcCdDABeE -> a(cd)be
a_____a
 b_____b
  cc
    dd
        ee

abcCdDAeBE -> a(cd)be
a_____a
 b______b
  cc
    dd
       e_e

abcCdDAeEB -> a(cd)b(e)
a_____a
 b_______b
  cc
    dd
       ee

abcCdDBAeE -> a(b(cd))e
a______a
 b____b
  cc
    dd
        ee

abcCdDBeAE -> a(b(cd))e
a_______a
 b____b
  cc
    dd
       e_e

abcCdDBeEA -> a(b(cd)e)
a________a
 b____b
  cc
    dd
       ee

abcCdDeABE -> a(cd)be
a______a
 b______b
  cc
    dd
      e__e

abcCdDeAEB -> a(cd)b(e)
a______a
 b_______b
  cc
    dd
      e_e

abcCdDeBAE -> a(b(cd))e
a_______a
 b_____b
  cc
    dd
      e__e

abcCdDeBEA -> a(b(cd)e)
a________a
 b_____b
  cc
    dd
      e_e

abcCdDeEAB -> a(cde)b
a_______a
 b_______b
  cc
    dd
      ee

abcCdDeEBA -> a(b(cde))
a________a
 b______b
  cc
    dd
      ee

abcCdeABDE -> a(c)bde
a_____a
 b_____b
  cc
    d___d
     e___e

abcCdeABED -> a(c)bd(e)
a_____a
 b_____b
  cc
    d____d
     e__e

abcCdeADBE -> a(c)b(d)e
a_____a
 b______b
  cc
    d__d
     e___e

abcCdeADEB -> a(c)b(de)
a_____a
 b_______b
  cc
    d__d
     e__e

abcCdeAEBD -> a(c)b(e)d
a_____a
 b______b
  cc
    d____d
     e_e

abcCdeAEDB -> a(c)b(d(e))
a_____a
 b_______b
  cc
    d___d
     e_e

abcCdeBADE -> a(b(c))de
a______a
 b____b
  cc
    d___d
     e___e

abcCdeBAED -> a(b(c))d(e)
a______a
 b____b
  cc
    d____d
     e__e

abcCdeBDAE -> a(b(c)d)e
a_______a
 b____b
  cc
    d__d
     e___e

abcCdeBDEA -> a(b(c)de)
a________a
 b____b
  cc
    d__d
     e__e

abcCdeBEAD -> a(b(c)e)d
a_______a
 b____b
  cc
    d____d
     e_e

abcCdeBEDA -> a(b(c)d(e))
a________a
 b____b
  cc
    d___d
     e_e

abcCdeDABE -> a(cd)be
a______a
 b______b
  cc
    d_d
     e___e

abcCdeDAEB -> a(cd)b(e)
a______a
 b_______b
  cc
    d_d
     e__e

abcCdeDBAE -> a(b(cd))e
a_______a
 b_____b
  cc
    d_d
     e___e

abcCdeDBEA -> a(b(cd)e)
a________a
 b_____b
  cc
    d_d
     e__e

abcCdeDEAB -> a(cde)b
a_______a
 b_______b
  cc
    d_d
     e_e

abcCdeDEBA -> a(b(cde))
a________a
 b______b
  cc
    d_d
     e_e

abcCdeEABD -> a(ce)bd
a______a
 b______b
  cc
    d____d
     ee

abcCdeEADB -> a(ce)b(d)
a______a
 b_______b
  cc
    d___d
     ee

abcCdeEBAD -> a(b(ce))d
a_______a
 b_____b
  cc
    d____d
     ee

abcCdeEBDA -> a(b(ce)d)
a________a
 b_____b
  cc
    d___d
     ee

abcCdeEDAB -> a(cd(e))b
a_______a
 b_______b
  cc
    d__d
     ee

abcCdeEDBA -> a(b(cd(e)))
a________a
 b______b
  cc
    d__d
     ee

abcdABCDeE -> abcde
a___a
 b___b
  c___c
   d___d
        ee

abcdABCeDE -> abcde
a___a
 b___b
  c___c
   d____d
       e_e

abcdABCeED -> abcd(e)
a___a
 b___b
  c___c
   d_____d
       ee

abcdABDCeE -> abc(d)e
a___a
 b___b
  c____c
   d__d
        ee

abcdABDeCE -> abc(d)e
a___a
 b___b
  c_____c
   d__d
       e_e

abcdABDeEC -> abc(de)
a___a
 b___b
  c______c
   d__d
       ee

abcdABeCDE -> abcde
a___a
 b___b
  c____c
   d____d
      e__e

abcdABeCED -> abcd(e)
a___a
 b___b
  c____c
   d_____d
      e_e

abcdABeDCE -> abc(d)e
a___a
 b___b
  c_____c
   d___d
      e__e

abcdABeDEC -> abc(de)
a___a
 b___b
  c______c
   d___d
      e_e

abcdABeECD -> abc(e)d
a___a
 b___b
  c_____c
   d_____d
      ee

abcdABeEDC -> abc(d(e))
a___a
 b___b
  c______c
   d____d
      ee

abcdACBDeE -> ab(c)de
a___a
 b____b
  c__c
   d___d
        ee

abcdACBeDE -> ab(c)de
a___a
 b____b
  c__c
   d____d
       e_e

abcdACBeED -> ab(c)d(e)
a___a
 b____b
  c__c
   d_____d
       ee

abcdACDBeE -> ab(cd)e
a___a
 b_____b
  c__c
   d__d
        ee

abcdACDeBE -> ab(cd)e
a___a
 b______b
  c__c
   d__d
       e_e

abcdACDeEB -> ab(cde)
a___a
 b_______b
  c__c
   d__d
       ee

abcdACeBDE -> ab(c)de
a___a
 b_____b
  c__c
   d____d
      e__e

abcdACeBED -> ab(c)d(e)
a___a
 b_____b
  c__c
   d_____d
      e_e

abcdACeDBE -> ab(cd)e
a___a
 b______b
  c__c
   d___d
      e__e

abcdACeDEB -> ab(cde)
a___a
 b_______b
  c__c
   d___d
      e_e

abcdACeEBD -> ab(ce)d
a___a
 b______b
  c__c
   d_____d
      ee

abcdACeEDB -> ab(cd(e))
a___a
 b_______b
  c__c
   d____d
      ee

abcdADBCeE -> ab(d)ce
a___a
 b____b
  c____c
   d_d
        ee

abcdADBeCE -> ab(d)ce
a___a
 b____b
  c_____c
   d_d
       e_e

abcdADBeEC -> ab(d)c(e)
a___a
 b____b
  c______c
   d_d
       ee

abcdADCBeE -> ab(c(d))e
a___a
 b_____b
  c___c
   d_d
        ee

abcdADCeBE -> ab(c(d))e
a___a
 b______b
  c___c
   d_d
       e_e

abcdADCeEB -> ab(c(d)e)
a___a
 b_______b
  c___c
   d_d
       ee

abcdADeBCE -> ab(d)ce
a___a
 b_____b
  c_____c
   d_d
      e__e

abcdADeBEC -> ab(d)c(e)
a___a
 b_____b
  c______c
   d_d
      e_e

abcdADeCBE -> ab(c(d))e
a___a
 b______b
  c____c
   d_d
      e__e

abcdADeCEB -> ab(c(d)e)
a___a
 b_______b
  c____c
   d_d
      e_e

abcdADeEBC -> ab(de)c
a___a
 b______b
  c______c
   d_d
      ee

abcdADeECB -> ab(c(de))
a___a
 b_______b
  c_____c
   d_d
      ee

abcdAeBCDE -> abcde
a___a
 b____b
  c____c
   d____d
     e___e

abcdAeBCED -> abcd(e)
a___a
 b____b
  c____c
   d_____d
     e__e

abcdAeBDCE -> abc(d)e
a___a
 b____b
  c_____c
   d___d
     e___e

abcdAeBDEC -> abc(de)
a___a
 b____b
  c______c
   d___d
     e__e

abcdAeBECD -> abc(e)d
a___a
 b____b
  c_____c
   d_____d
     e_e

abcdAeBEDC -> abc(d(e))
a___a
 b____b
  c______c
   d____d
     e_e

abcdAeCBDE -> ab(c)de
a___a
 b_____b
  c___c
   d____d
     e___e

abcdAeCBED -> ab(c)d(e)
a___a
 b_____b
  c___c
   d_____d
     e__e

abcdAeCDBE -> ab(cd)e
a___a
 b______b
  c___c
   d___d
     e___e

abcdAeCDEB -> ab(cde)
a___a
 b_______b
  c___c
   d___d
     e__e

abcdAeCEBD -> ab(ce)d
a___a
 b______b
  c___c
   d_____d
     e_e

abcdAeCEDB -> ab(cd(e))
a___a
 b_______b
  c___c
   d____d
     e_e

abcdAeDBCE -> ab(d)ce
a___a
 b_____b
  c_____c
   d__d
     e___e

abcdAeDBEC -> ab(d)c(e)
a___a
 b_____b
  c______c
   d__d
     e__e

abcdAeDCBE -> ab(c(d))e
a___a
 b______b
  c____c
   d__d
     e___e

abcdAeDCEB -> ab(c(d)e)
a___a
 b_______b
  c____c
   d__d
     e__e

abcdAeDEBC -> ab(de)c
a___a
 b______b
  c______c
   d__d
     e_e

abcdAeDECB -> ab(c(de))
a___a
 b_______b
  c_____c
   d__d
     e_e

abcdAeEBCD -> ab(e)cd
a___a
 b_____b
  c_____c
   d_____d
     ee

abcdAeEBDC -> ab(e)c(d)
a___a
 b_____b
  c______c
   d____d
     ee

abcdAeECBD -> ab(c(e))d
a___a
 b______b
  c____c
   d_____d
     ee

abcdAeECDB -> ab(c(e)d)
a___a
 b_______b
  c____c
   d____d
     ee

abcdAeEDBC -> ab(d(e))c
a___a
 b______b
  c______c
   d___d
     ee

abcdAeEDCB -> ab(c(d(e)))
a___a
 b_______b
  c_____c
   d___d
     ee

abcdBACDeE -> a(b)cde
a____a
 b__b
  c___c
   d___d
        ee

abcdBACeDE -> a(b)cde
a____a
 b__b
  c___c
   d____d
       e_e

abcdBACeED -> a(b)cd(e)
a____a
 b__b
  c___c
   d_____d
       ee

abcdBADCeE -> a(b)c(d)e
a____a
 b__b
  c____c
   d__d
        ee

abcdBADeCE -> a(b)c(d)e
a____a
 b__b
  c_____c
   d__d
       e_e

abcdBADeEC -> a(b)c(de)
a____a
 b__b
  c______c
   d__d
       ee

abcdBAeCDE -> a(b)cde
a____a
 b__b
  c____c
   d____d
      e__e

abcdBAeCED -> a(b)cd(e)
a____a
 b__b
  c____c
   d_____d
      e_e

abcdBAeDCE -> a(b)c(d)e
a____a
 b__b
  c_____c
   d___d
      e__e

abcdBAeDEC -> a(b)c(de)
a____a
 b__b
  c______c
   d___d
      e_e

abcdBAeECD -> a(b)c(e)d
a____a
 b__b
  c_____c
   d_____d
      ee

abcdBAeEDC -> a(b)c(d(e))
a____a
 b__b
  c______c
   d____d
      ee

abcdBCADeE -> a(bc)de
a_____a
 b__b
  c__c
   d___d
        ee

abcdBCAeDE -> a(bc)de
a_____a
 b__b
  c__c
   d____d
       e_e

abcdBCAeED -> a(bc)d(e)
a_____a
 b__b
  c__c
   d_____d
       ee

abcdBCDAeE -> a(bcd)e
a______a
 b__b
  c__c
   d__d
        ee

abcdBCDeAE -> a(bcd)e
a_______a
 b__b
  c__c
   d__d
       e_e

abcdBCDeEA -> a(bcde)
a________a
 b__b
  c__c
   d__d
       ee

abcdBCeADE -> a(bc)de
a______a
 b__b
  c__c
   d____d
      e__e

abcdBCeAED -> a(bc)d(e)
a______a
 b__b
  c__c
   d_____d
      e_e

abcdBCeDAE -> a(bcd)e
a_______a
 b__b
  c__c
   d___d
      e__e

abcdBCeDEA -> a(bcde)
a________a
 b__b
  c__c
   d___d
      e_e

abcdBCeEAD -> a(bce)d
a_______a
 b__b
  c__c
   d_____d
      ee

abcdBCeEDA -> a(bcd(e))
a________a
 b__b
  c__c
   d____d
      ee

abcdBDACeE -> a(bd)ce
a_____a
 b__b
  c____c
   d_d
        ee

abcdBDAeCE -> a(bd)ce
a_____a
 b__b
  c_____c
   d_d
       e_e

abcdBDAeEC -> a(bd)c(e)
a_____a
 b__b
  c______c
   d_d
       ee

abcdBDCAeE -> a(bc(d))e
a______a
 b__b
  c___c
   d_d
        ee

abcdBDCeAE -> a(bc(d))e
a_______a
 b__b
  c___c
   d_d
       e_e

abcdBDCeEA -> a(bc(d)e)
a________a
 b__b
  c___c
   d_d
       ee

abcdBDeACE -> a(bd)ce
a______a
 b__b
  c_____c
   d_d
      e__e

abcdBDeAEC -> a(bd)c(e)
a______a
 b__b
  c______c
   d_d
      e_e

abcdBDeCAE -> a(bc(d))e
a_______a
 b__b
  c____c
   d_d
      e__e

abcdBDeCEA -> a(bc(d)e)
a________a
 b__b
  c____c
   d_d
      e_e

abcdBDeEAC -> a(bde)c
a_______a
 b__b
  c______c
   d_d
      ee

abcdBDeECA -> a(bc(de))
a________a
 b__b
  c_____c
   d_d
      ee

abcdBeACDE -> a(b)cde
a_____a
 b__b
  c____c
   d____d
     e___e

abcdBeACED -> a(b)cd(e)
a_____a
 b__b
  c____c
   d_____d
     e__e

abcdBeADCE -> a(b)c(d)e
a_____a
 b__b
  c_____c
   d___d
     e___e

abcdBeADEC -> a(b)c(de)
a_____a
 b__b
  c______c
   d___d
     e__e

abcdBeAECD -> a(b)c(e)d
a_____a
 b__b
  c_____c
   d_____d
     e_e

abcdBeAEDC -> a(b)c(d(e))
a_____a
 b__b
  c______c
   d____d
     e_e

abcdBeCADE -> a(bc)de
a______a
 b__b
  c___c
   d____d
     e___e

abcdBeCAED -> a(bc)d(e)
a______a
 b__b
  c___c
   d_____d
     e__e

abcdBeCDAE -> a(bcd)e
a_______a
 b__b
  c___c
   d___d
     e___e

abcdBeCDEA -> a(bcde)
a________a
 b__b
  c___c
   d___d
     e__e

abcdBeCEAD -> a(bce)d
a_______a
 b__b
  c___c
   d_____d
     e_e

abcdBeCEDA -> a(bcd(e))
a________a
 b__b
  c___c
   d____d
     e_e

abcdBeDACE -> a(bd)ce
a______a
 b__b
  c_____c
   d__d
     e___e

abcdBeDAEC -> a(bd)c(e)
a______a
 b__b
  c______c
   d__d
     e__e

abcdBeDCAE -> a(bc(d))e
a_______a
 b__b
  c____c
   d__d
     e___e

abcdBeDCEA -> a(bc(d)e)
a________a
 b__b
  c____c
   d__d
     e__e

abcdBeDEAC -> a(bde)c
a_______a
 b__b
  c______c
   d__d
     e_e

abcdBeDECA -> a(bc(de))
a________a
 b__b
  c_____c
   d__d
     e_e

abcdBeEACD -> a(be)cd
a______a
 b__b
  c_____c
   d_____d
     ee

abcdBeEADC -> a(be)c(d)
a______a
 b__b
  c______c
   d____d
     ee

abcdBeECAD -> a(bc(e))d
a_______a
 b__b
  c____c
   d_____d
     ee

abcdBeECDA -> a(bc(e)d)
a________a
 b__b
  c____c
   d____d
     ee

abcdBeEDAC -> a(bd(e))c
a_______a
 b__b
  c______c
   d___d
     ee

abcdBeEDCA -> a(bc(d(e)))
a________a
 b__b
  c_____c
   d___d
     ee

abcdCABDeE -> a(c)bde
a____a
 b____b
  c_c
   d___d
        ee

abcdCABeDE -> a(c)bde
a____a
 b____b
  c_c
   d____d
       e_e

abcdCABeED -> a(c)bd(e)
a____a
 b____b
  c_c
   d_____d
       ee

abcdCADBeE -> a(c)b(d)e
a____a
 b_____b
  c_c
   d__d
        ee

abcdCADeBE -> a(c)b(d)e
a____a
 b______b
  c_c
   d__d
       e_e

abcdCADeEB -> a(c)b(de)
a____a
 b_______b
  c_c
   d__d
       ee

abcdCAeBDE -> a(c)bde
a____a
 b_____b
  c_c
   d____d
      e__e

abcdCAeBED -> a(c)bd(e)
a____a
 b_____b
  c_c
   d_____d
      e_e

abcdCAeDBE -> a(c)b(d)e
a____a
 b______b
  c_c
   d___d
      e__e

abcdCAeDEB -> a(c)b(de)
a____a
 b_______b
  c_c
   d___d
      e_e

abcdCAeEBD -> a(c)b(e)d
a____a
 b______b
  c_c
   d_____d
      ee

abcdCAeEDB -> a(c)b(d(e))
a____a
 b_______b
  c_c
   d____d
      ee

abcdCBADeE -> a(b(c))de
a_____a
 b___b
  c_c
   d___d
        ee

abcdCBAeDE -> a(b(c))de
a_____a
 b___b
  c_c
   d____d
       e_e

abcdCBAeED -> a(b(c))d(e)
a_____a
 b___b
  c_c
   d_____d
       ee

abcdCBDAeE -> a(b(c)d)e
a______a
 b___b
  c_c
   d__d
        ee

abcdCBDeAE -> a(b(c)d)e
a_______a
 b___b
  c_c
   d__d
       e_e

abcdCBDeEA -> a(b(c)de)
a________a
 b___b
  c_c
   d__d
       ee

abcdCBeADE -> a(b(c))de
a______a
 b___b
  c_c
   d____d
      e__e

abcdCBeAED -> a(b(c))d(e)
a______a
 b___b
  c_c
   d_____d
      e_e

abcdCBeDAE -> a(b(c)d)e
a_______a
 b___b
  c_c
   d___d
      e__e

abcdCBeDEA -> a(b(c)de)
a________a
 b___b
  c_c
   d___d
      e_e

abcdCBeEAD -> a(b(c)e)d
a_______a
 b___b
  c_c
   d_____d
      ee

abcdCBeEDA -> a(b(c)d(e))
a________a
 b___b
  c_c
   d____d
      ee

abcdCDABeE -> a(cd)be
a_____a
 b_____b
  c_c
   d_d
        ee

abcdCDAeBE -> a(cd)be
a_____a
 b______b
  c_c
   d_d
       e_e

abcdCDAeEB -> a(cd)b(e)
a_____a
 b_______b
  c_c
   d_d
       ee

abcdCDBAeE -> a(b(cd))e
a______a
 b____b
  c_c
   d_d
        ee

abcdCDBeAE -> a(b(cd))e
a_______a
 b____b
  c_c
   d_d
       e_e

abcdCDBeEA -> a(b(cd)e)
a________a
 b____b
  c_c
   d_d
       ee

abcdCDeABE -> a(cd)be
a______a
 b______b
  c_c
   d_d
      e__e

abcdCDeAEB -> a(cd)b(e)
a______a
 b_______b
  c_c
   d_d
      e_e

abcdCDeBAE -> a(b(cd))e
a_______a
 b_____b
  c_c
   d_d
      e__e

abcdCDeBEA -> a(b(cd)e)
a________a
 b_____b
  c_c
   d_d
      e_e

abcdCDeEAB -> a(cde)b
a_______a
 b_______b
  c_c
   d_d
      ee

abcdCDeEBA -> a(b(cde))
a________a
 b______b
  c_c
   d_d
      ee

abcdCeABDE -> a(c)bde
a_____a
 b_____b
  c_c
   d____d
     e___e

abcdCeABED -> a(c)bd(e)
a_____a
 b_____b
  c_c
   d_____d
     e__e

abcdCeADBE -> a(c)b(d)e
a_____a
 b______b
  c_c
   d___d
     e___e

abcdCeADEB -> a(c)b(de)
a_____a
 b_______b
  c_c
   d___d
     e__e

abcdCeAEBD -> a(c)b(e)d
a_____a
 b______b
  c_c
   d_____d
     e_e

abcdCeAEDB -> a(c)b(d(e))
a_____a
 b_______b
  c_c
   d____d
     e_e

abcdCeBADE -> a(b(c))de
a______a
 b____b
  c_c
   d____d
     e___e

abcdCeBAED -> a(b(c))d(e)
a______a
 b____b
  c_c
   d_____d
     e__e

abcdCeBDAE -> a(b(c)d)e
a_______a
 b____b
  c_c
   d___d
     e___e

abcdCeBDEA -> a(b(c)de)
a________a
 b____b
  c_c
   d___d
     e__e

abcdCeBEAD -> a(b(c)e)d
a_______a
 b____b
  c_c
   d_____d
     e_e

abcdCeBEDA -> a(b(c)d(e))
a________a
 b____b
  c_c
   d____d
     e_e

abcdCeDABE -> a(cd)be
a______a
 b______b
  c_c
   d__d
     e___e

abcdCeDAEB -> a(cd)b(e)
a______a
 b_______b
  c_c
   d__d
     e__e

abcdCeDBAE -> a(b(cd))e
a_______a
 b_____b
  c_c
   d__d
     e___e

abcdCeDBEA -> a(b(cd)e)
a________a
 b_____b
  c_c
   d__d
     e__e

abcdCeDEAB -> a(cde)b
a_______a
 b_______b
  c_c
   d__d
     e_e

abcdCeDEBA -> a(b(cde))
a________a
 b______b
  c_c
   d__d
     e_e

abcdCeEABD -> a(ce)bd
a______a
 b______b
  c_c
   d_____d
     ee

abcdCeEADB -> a(ce)b(d)
a______a
 b_______b
  c_c
   d____d
     ee

abcdCeEBAD -> a(b(ce))d
a_______a
 b_____b
  c_c
   d_____d
     ee

abcdCeEBDA -> a(b(ce)d)
a________a
 b_____b
  c_c
   d____d
     ee

abcdCeEDAB -> a(cd(e))b
a_______a
 b_______b
  c_c
   d___d
     ee

abcdCeEDBA -> a(b(cd(e)))
a________a
 b______b
  c_c
   d___d
     ee

abcdDABCeE -> a(d)bce
a____a
 b____b
  c____c
   dd
        ee

abcdDABeCE -> a(d)bce
a____a
 b____b
  c_____c
   dd
       e_e

abcdDABeEC -> a(d)bc(e)
a____a
 b____b
  c______c
   dd
       ee

abcdDACBeE -> a(d)b(c)e
a____a
 b_____b
  c___c
   dd
        ee

abcdDACeBE -> a(d)b(c)e
a____a
 b______b
  c___c
   dd
       e_e

abcdDACeEB -> a(d)b(ce)
a____a
 b_______b
  c___c
   dd
       ee

abcdDAeBCE -> a(d)bce
a____a
 b_____b
  c_____c
   dd
      e__e

abcdDAeBEC -> a(d)bc(e)
a____a
 b_____b
  c______c
   dd
      e_e

abcdDAeCBE -> a(d)b(c)e
a____a
 b______b
  c____c
   dd
      e__e

abcdDAeCEB -> a(d)b(ce)
a____a
 b_______b
  c____c
   dd
      e_e

abcdDAeEBC -> a(d)b(e)c
a____a
 b______b
  c______c
   dd
      ee

abcdDAeECB -> a(d)b(c(e))
a____a
 b_______b
  c_____c
   dd
      ee

abcdDBACeE -> a(b(d))ce
a_____a
 b___b
  c____c
   dd
        ee

abcdDBAeCE -> a(b(d))ce
a_____a
 b___b
  c_____c
   dd
       e_e

abcdDBAeEC -> a(b(d))c(e)
a_____a
 b___b
  c______c
   dd
       ee

abcdDBCAeE -> a(b(d)c)e
a______a
 b___b
  c___c
   dd
        ee

abcdDBCeAE -> a(b(d)c)e
a_______a
 b___b
  c___c
   dd
       e_e

abcdDBCeEA -> a(b(d)ce)
a________a
 b___b
  c___c
   dd
       ee

abcdDBeACE -> a(b(d))ce
a______a
 b___b
  c_____c
   dd
      e__e

abcdDBeAEC -> a(b(d))c(e)
a______a
 b___b
  c______c
   dd
      e_e

abcdDBeCAE -> a(b(d)c)e
a_______a
 b___b
  c____c
   dd
      e__e

abcdDBeCEA -> a(b(d)ce)
a________a
 b___b
  c____c
   dd
      e_e

abcdDBeEAC -> a(b(d)e)c
a_______a
 b___b
  c______c
   dd
      ee

abcdDBeECA -> a(b(d)c(e))
a________a
 b___b
  c_____c
   dd
      ee

abcdDCABeE -> a(c(d))be
a_____a
 b_____b
  c__c
   dd
        ee

abcdDCAeBE -> a(c(d))be
a_____a
 b______b
  c__c
   dd
       e_e

abcdDCAeEB -> a(c(d))b(e)
a_____a
 b_______b
  c__c
   dd
       ee

abcdDCBAeE -> a(b(c(d)))e
a______a
 b____b
  c__c
   dd
        ee

abcdDCBeAE -> a(b(c(d)))e
a_______a
 b____b
  c__c
   dd
       e_e

abcdDCBeEA -> a(b(c(d))e)
a________a
 b____b
  c__c
   dd
       ee

abcdDCeABE -> a(c(d))be
a______a
 b______b
  c__c
   dd
      e__e

abcdDCeAEB -> a(c(d))b(e)
a______a
 b_______b
  c__c
   dd
      e_e

abcdDCeBAE -> a(b(c(d)))e
a_______a
 b_____b
  c__c
   dd
      e__e

abcdDCeBEA -> a(b(c(d))e)
a________a
 b_____b
  c__c
   dd
      e_e

abcdDCeEAB -> a(c(d)e)b
a_______a
 b_______b
  c__c
   dd
      ee

abcdDCeEBA -> a(b(c(d)e))
a________a
 b______b
  c__c
   dd
      ee

abcdDeABCE -> a(d)bce
a_____a
 b_____b
  c_____c
   dd
     e___e

abcdDeABEC -> a(d)bc(e)
a_____a
 b_____b
  c______c
   dd
     e__e

abcdDeACBE -> a(d)b(c)e
a_____a
 b______b
  c____c
   dd
     e___e

abcdDeACEB -> a(d)b(ce)
a_____a
 b_______b
  c____c
   dd
     e__e

abcdDeAEBC -> a(d)b(e)c
a_____a
 b______b
  c______c
   dd
     e_e

abcdDeAECB -> a(d)b(c(e))
a_____a
 b_______b
  c_____c
   dd
     e_e

abcdDeBACE -> a(b(d))ce
a______a
 b____b
  c_____c
   dd
     e___e

abcdDeBAEC -> a(b(d))c(e)
a______a
 b____b
  c______c
   dd
     e__e

abcdDeBCAE -> a(b(d)c)e
a_______a
 b____b
  c____c
   dd
     e___e

abcdDeBCEA -> a(b(d)ce)
a________a
 b____b
  c____c
   dd
     e__e

abcdDeBEAC -> a(b(d)e)c
a_______a
 b____b
  c______c
   dd
     e_e

abcdDeBECA -> a(b(d)c(e))
a________a
 b____b
  c_____c
   dd
     e_e

abcdDeCABE -> a(c(d))be
a______a
 b______b
  c___c
   dd
     e___e

abcdDeCAEB -> a(c(d))b(e)
a______a
 b_______b
  c___c
   dd
     e__e

abcdDeCBAE -> a(b(c(d)))e
a_______a
 b_____b
  c___c
   dd
     e___e

abcdDeCBEA -> a(b(c(d))e)
a________a
 b_____b
  c___c
   dd
     e__e

abcdDeCEAB -> a(c(d)e)b
a_______a
 b_______b
  c___c
   dd
     e_e

abcdDeCEBA -> a(b(c(d)e))
a________a
 b______b
  c___c
   dd
     e_e

abcdDeEABC -> a(de)bc
a______a
 b______b
  c______c
   dd
     ee

abcdDeEACB -> a(de)b(c)
a______a
 b_______b
  c_____c
   dd
     ee

abcdDeEBAC -> a(b(de))c
a_______a
 b_____b
  c______c
   dd
     ee

abcdDeEBCA -> a(b(de)c)
a________a
 b_____b
  c_____c
   dd
     ee

abcdDeECAB -> a(c(de))b
a_______a
 b_______b
  c____c
   dd
     ee

abcdDeECBA -> a(b(c(de)))
a________a
 b______b
  c____c
   dd
     ee

abcdeABCDE -> abcde
a____a
 b____b
  c____c
   d____d
    e____e

abcdeABCED -> abcd(e)
a____a
 b____b
  c____c
   d_____d
    e___e

abcdeABDCE -> abc(d)e
a____a
 b____b
  c_____c
   d___d
    e____e

abcdeABDEC -> abc(de)
a____a
 b____b
  c______c
   d___d
    e___e

abcdeABECD -> abc(e)d
a____a
 b____b
  c_____c
   d_____d
    e__e

abcdeABEDC -> abc(d(e))
a____a
 b____b
  c______c
   d____d
    e__e

abcdeACBDE -> ab(c)de
a____a
 b_____b
  c___c
   d____d
    e____e

abcdeACBED -> ab(c)d(e)
a____a
 b_____b
  c___c
   d_____d
    e___e

abcdeACDBE -> ab(cd)e
a____a
 b______b
  c___c
   d___d
    e____e

abcdeACDEB -> ab(cde)
a____a
 b_______b
  c___c
   d___d
    e___e

abcdeACEBD -> ab(ce)d
a____a
 b______b
  c___c
   d_____d
    e__e

abcdeACEDB -> ab(cd(e))
a____a
 b_______b
  c___c
   d____d
    e__e

abcdeADBCE -> ab(d)ce
a____a
 b_____b
  c_____c
   d__d
    e____e

abcdeADBEC -> ab(d)c(e)
a____a
 b_____b
  c______c
   d__d
    e___e

abcdeADCBE -> ab(c(d))e
a____a
 b______b
  c____c
   d__d
    e____e

abcdeADCEB -> ab(c(d)e)
a____a
 b_______b
  c____c
   d__d
    e___e

abcdeADEBC -> ab(de)c
a____a
 b______b
  c______c
   d__d
    e__e

abcdeADECB -> ab(c(de))
a____a
 b_______b
  c_____c
   d__d
    e__e

abcdeAEBCD -> ab(e)cd
a____a
 b_____b
  c_____c
   d_____d
    e_e

abcdeAEBDC -> ab(e)c(d)
a____a
 b_____b
  c______c
   d____d
    e_e

abcdeAECBD -> ab(c(e))d
a____a
 b______b
  c____c
   d_____d
    e_e

abcdeAECDB -> ab(c(e)d)
a____a
 b_______b
  c____c
   d____d
    e_e

abcdeAEDBC -> ab(d(e))c
a____a
 b______b
  c______c
   d___d
    e_e

abcdeAEDCB -> ab(c(d(e)))
a____a
 b_______b
  c_____c
   d___d
    e_e

abcdeBACDE -> a(b)cde
a_____a
 b___b
  c____c
   d____d
    e____e

abcdeBACED -> a(b)cd(e)
a_____a
 b___b
  c____c
   d_____d
    e___e

abcdeBADCE -> a(b)c(d)e
a_____a
 b___b
  c_____c
   d___d
    e____e

abcdeBADEC -> a(b)c(de)
a_____a
 b___b
  c______c
   d___d
    e___e

abcdeBAECD -> a(b)c(e)d
a_____a
 b___b
  c_____c
   d_____d
    e__e

abcdeBAEDC -> a(b)c(d(e))
a_____a
 b___b
  c______c
   d____d
    e__e

abcdeBCADE -> a(bc)de
a______a
 b___b
  c___c
   d____d
    e____e

abcdeBCAED -> a(bc)d(e)
a______a
 b___b
  c___c
   d_____d
    e___e

abcdeBCDAE -> a(bcd)e
a_______a
 b___b
  c___c
   d___d
    e____e

abcdeBCDEA -> a(bcde)
a________a
 b___b
  c___c
   d___d
    e___e

abcdeBCEAD -> a(bce)d
a_______a
 b___b
  c___c
   d_____d
    e__e

abcdeBCEDA -> a(bcd(e))
a________a
 b___b
  c___c
   d____d
    e__e

abcdeBDACE -> a(bd)ce
a______a
 b___b
  c_____c
   d__d
    e____e

abcdeBDAEC -> a(bd)c(e)
a______a
 b___b
  c______c
   d__d
    e___e

abcdeBDCAE -> a(bc(d))e
a_______a
 b___b
  c____c
   d__d
    e____e

abcdeBDCEA -> a(bc(d)e)
a________a
 b___b
  c____c
   d__d
    e___e

abcdeBDEAC -> a(bde)c
a_______a
 b___b
  c______c
   d__d
    e__e

abcdeBDECA -> a(bc(de))
a________a
 b___b
  c_____c
   d__d
    e__e

abcdeBEACD -> a(be)cd
a______a
 b___b
  c_____c
   d_____d
    e_e

abcdeBEADC -> a(be)c(d)
a______a
 b___b
  c______c
   d____d
    e_e

abcdeBECAD -> a(bc(e))d
a_______a
 b___b
  c____c
   d_____d
    e_e

abcdeBECDA -> a(bc(e)d)
a________a
 b___b
  c____c
   d____d
    e_e

abcdeBEDAC -> a(bd(e))c
a_______a
 b___b
  c______c
   d___d
    e_e

abcdeBEDCA -> a(bc(d(e)))
a________a
 b___b
  c_____c
   d___d
    e_e

abcdeCABDE -> a(c)bde
a_____a
 b_____b
  c__c
   d____d
    e____e

abcdeCABED -> a(c)bd(e)
a_____a
 b_____b
  c__c
   d_____d
    e___e

abcdeCADBE -> a(c)b(d)e
a_____a
 b______b
  c__c
   d___d
    e____e

abcdeCADEB -> a(c)b(de)
a_____a
 b_______b
  c__c
   d___d
    e___e

abcdeCAEBD -> a(c)b(e)d
a_____a
 b______b
  c__c
   d_____d
    e__e

abcdeCAEDB -> a(c)b(d(e))
a_____a
 b_______b
  c__c
   d____d
    e__e

abcdeCBADE -> a(b(c))de
a______a
 b____b
  c__c
   d____d
    e____e

abcdeCBAED -> a(b(c))d(e)
a______a
 b____b
  c__c
   d_____d
    e___e

abcdeCBDAE -> a(b(c)d)e
a_______a
 b____b
  c__c
   d___d
    e____e

abcdeCBDEA -> a(b(c)de)
a________a
 b____b
  c__c
   d___d
    e___e

abcdeCBEAD -> a(b(c)e)d
a_______a
 b____b
  c__c
   d_____d
    e__e

abcdeCBEDA -> a(b(c)d(e))
a________a
 b____b
  c__c
   d____d
    e__e

abcdeCDABE -> a(cd)be
a______a
 b______b
  c__c
   d__d
    e____e

abcdeCDAEB -> a(cd)b(e)
a______a
 b_______b
  c__c
   d__d
    e___e

abcdeCDBAE -> a(b(cd))e
a_______a
 b_____b
  c__c
   d__d
    e____e

abcdeCDBEA -> a(b(cd)e)
a________a
 b_____b
  c__c
   d__d
    e___e

abcdeCDEAB -> a(cde)b
a_______a
 b_______b
  c__c
   d__d
    e__e

abcdeCDEBA -> a(b(cde))
a________a
 b______b
  c__c
   d__d
    e__e

abcdeCEABD -> a(ce)bd
a______a
 b______b
  c__c
   d_____d
    e_e

abcdeCEADB -> a(ce)b(d)
a______a
 b_______b
  c__c
   d____d
    e_e

abcdeCEBAD -> a(b(ce))d
a_______a
 b_____b
  c__c
   d_____d
    e_e

abcdeCEBDA -> a(b(ce)d)
a________a
 b_____b
  c__c
   d____d
    e_e

abcdeCEDAB -> a(cd(e))b
a_______a
 b_______b
  c__c
   d___d
    e_e

abcdeCEDBA -> a(b(cd(e)))
a________a
 b______b
  c__c
   d___d
    e_e

abcdeDABCE -> a(d)bce
a_____a
 b_____b
  c_____c
   d_d
    e____e

abcdeDABEC -> a(d)bc(e)
a_____a
 b_____b
  c______c
   d_d
    e___e

abcdeDACBE -> a(d)b(c)e
a_____a
 b______b
  c____c
   d_d
    e____e

abcdeDACEB -> a(d)b(ce)
a_____a
 b_______b
  c____c
   d_d
    e___e

abcdeDAEBC -> a(d)b(e)c
a_____a
 b______b
  c______c
   d_d
    e__e

abcdeDAECB -> a(d)b(c(e))
a_____a
 b_______b
  c_____c
   d_d
    e__e

abcdeDBACE -> a(b(d))ce
a______a
 b____b
  c_____c
   d_d
    e____e

abcdeDBAEC -> a(b(d))c(e)
a______a
 b____b
  c______c
   d_d
    e___e

abcdeDBCAE -> a(b(d)c)e
a_______a
 b____b
  c____c
   d_d
    e____e

abcdeDBCEA -> a(b(d)ce)
a________a
 b____b
  c____c
   d_d
    e___e

abcdeDBEAC -> a(b(d)e)c
a_______a
 b____b
  c______c
   d_d
    e__e

abcdeDBECA -> a(b(d)c(e))
a________a
 b____b
  c_____c
   d_d
    e__e

abcdeDCABE -> a(c(d))be
a______a
 b______b
  c___c
   d_d
    e____e

abcdeDCAEB -> a(c(d))b(e)
a______a
 b_______b
  c___c
   d_d
    e___e

abcdeDCBAE -> a(b(c(d)))e
a_______a
 b_____b
  c___c
   d_d
    e____e

abcdeDCBEA -> a(b(c(d))e)
a________a
 b_____b
  c___c
   d_d
    e___e

abcdeDCEAB -> a(c(d)e)b
a_______a
 b_______b
  c___c
   d_d
    e__e

abcdeDCEBA -> a(b(c(d)e))
a________a
 b______b
  c___c
   d_d
    e__e

abcdeDEABC -> a(de)bc
a______a
 b______b
  c______c
   d_d
    e_e

abcdeDEACB -> a(de)b(c)
a______a
 b_______b
  c_____c
   d_d
    e_e

abcdeDEBAC -> a(b(de))c
a_______a
 b_____b
  c______c
   d_d
    e_e

abcdeDEBCA -> a(b(de)c)
a________a
 b_____b
  c_____c
   d_d
    e_e

abcdeDECAB -> a(c(de))b
a_______a
 b_______b
  c____c
   d_d
    e_e

abcdeDECBA -> a(b(c(de)))
a________a
 b______b
  c____c
   d_d
    e_e

abcdeEABCD -> a(e)bcd
a_____a
 b_____b
  c_____c
   d_____d
    ee

abcdeEABDC -> a(e)bc(d)
a_____a
 b_____b
  c______c
   d____d
    ee

abcdeEACBD -> a(e)b(c)d
a_____a
 b______b
  c____c
   d_____d
    ee

abcdeEACDB -> a(e)b(cd)
a_____a
 b_______b
  c____c
   d____d
    ee

abcdeEADBC -> a(e)b(d)c
a_____a
 b______b
  c______c
   d___d
    ee

abcdeEADCB -> a(e)b(c(d))
a_____a
 b_______b
  c_____c
   d___d
    ee

abcdeEBACD -> a(b(e))cd
a______a
 b____b
  c_____c
   d_____d
    ee

abcdeEBADC -> a(b(e))c(d)
a______a
 b____b
  c______c
   d____d
    ee

abcdeEBCAD -> a(b(e)c)d
a_______a
 b____b
  c____c
   d_____d
    ee

abcdeEBCDA -> a(b(e)cd)
a________a
 b____b
  c____c
   d____d
    ee

abcdeEBDAC -> a(b(e)d)c
a_______a
 b____b
  c______c
   d___d
    ee

abcdeEBDCA -> a(b(e)c(d))
a________a
 b____b
  c_____c
   d___d
    ee

abcdeECABD -> a(c(e))bd
a______a
 b______b
  c___c
   d_____d
    ee

abcdeECADB -> a(c(e))b(d)
a______a
 b_______b
  c___c
   d____d
    ee

abcdeECBAD -> a(b(c(e)))d
a_______a
 b_____b
  c___c
   d_____d
    ee

abcdeECBDA -> a(b(c(e))d)
a________a
 b_____b
  c___c
   d____d
    ee

abcdeECDAB -> a(c(e)d)b
a_______a
 b_______b
  c___c
   d___d
    ee

abcdeECDBA -> a(b(c(e)d))
a________a
 b______b
  c___c
   d___d
    ee

abcdeEDABC -> a(d(e))bc
a______a
 b______b
  c______c
   d__d
    ee

abcdeEDACB -> a(d(e))b(c)
a______a
 b_______b
  c_____c
   d__d
    ee

abcdeEDBAC -> a(b(d(e)))c
a_______a
 b_____b
  c______c
   d__d
    ee

abcdeEDBCA -> a(b(d(e))c)
a________a
 b_____b
  c_____c
   d__d
    ee

abcdeEDCAB -> a(c(d(e)))b
a_______a
 b_______b
  c____c
   d__d
    ee

abcdeEDCBA -> a(b(c(d(e))))
a________a
 b______b
  c____c
   d__d
    ee

